A blanket is comforting as we work from a far.
Below are the musings from learners of R:

I rather enjoy a hot cup of tea.
Drinking it fills my heart with such glee.

The weather is nice yet I stay in and code.
Does it count if the window is open to my abode?

Studying at home is my new thing, 
Learning in R will improve my skills.

My sleep schedule is shot.
But I still think I'll learn a lot.

Hoping to make GitHub my new friend,
Otherwise my grades will show a pretty sad trend.

Studying while drinking some coffee.
I do wish I also had some toffee.

As we prepare to ramp up for another semester,
I find my itch to roam begin to fester.

This assignment is due at midnight.
I think I'll be alright. 

Today is a new day,
So lets lean new things in a new way

Tentin Quarantino.
Stuck in a casino.

I can hear the clock ticking time,
as I try to write these lines. 

Learning how to rhyme,
wasting all this time.

R is hard in the beginning,
But once you learn, you know youre winning.
It makes analyzing data a breeze,
With so many packages, life is an ease.
What would we do in a life without R,
especially since there is no open bar. 

With all that is going on it has lately been quite a bummer,
But this will be quite a fun and exciting way to start the summer!

I am still recovering from brain drain this past winter.
After all, I spent a lot of time learning Python's Tkinter.

I am learning to bake
I like to eat cake

We should stay home,
playing with our phone.

If you don't fork
You are a dork

It has come to my attention that I may not be able to rythem
But being inside, I guess I'll make one up with all this spare time

but playing with the phone
makes your body feel like it is on hydorcortisone
wouldn't it be much more fun to play with a drone

With the light brigade I charge while tenuously Tennyson 
Neither sir nor lord just a caffeinated contributor who is never done. 

Life is disrupted, and big changes are made,
We should eradicate this virus with a Holy Hand Grenade,

It is three in the morning,
These past months have been very boring.

Though this assignment makes me a little tense,
I think it's starting to make sense

I am doing this activity too late.
Oh well, I guess it's my fate.